[SYCL][Graph] Explicit update with index only (#350)
reble/llvm: sycl/doc/extensions/experimental/sycl_ext_oneapi_graph.asciidoc

} // namespace device
} // namespace info

enum class dynamic_parameter_type {
  usm,
  accessor,
  scalar,
  raw
};

template <dynamic_parameter_type DynParamType>
class dynamic_parameter;

template <>
class dynamic_parameter<dynamic_parameter_type::usm> {
public:
  dynamic_parameter(command_graph<graph_state::modifiable> graph,
                    std::string label = "");

  void register(void* param, node node);

  void register(void* param);

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

  void register(int argIndex, node node);

  void update(void* newValue,
              command_graph<graph_state::executable> execGraph);

  const std::string& get_label() const;
};

template <>
class dynamic_parameter<dynamic_parameter_type::accessor> {
public:
  dynamic_parameter(command_graph<graph_state::modifiable> graph,
                    std::string label = "");

  template <typename T>
  void register(T param, node node);

  template <typename T>

>   void register(T param);

Author: ```suggestion
```

} // namespace device
} // namespace info

template <typename ValueT>
class dynamic_parameter {
public:
  dynamic_parameter(command_graph<graph_state::modifiable> graph);

  void register(int argIndex, const handler& cgh);

>   void update(const T& newValue,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  void update(const ValueT& newValue,
```

} // namespace device
} // namespace info

template <typename ValueT>
class dynamic_parameter {
public:
  dynamic_parameter(command_graph<graph_state::modifiable> graph);

  void register(int argIndex, const handler& cgh);

  void update_value(const ValueT& newValue);
};

class node {

>   template <int Dimensions>

Reviewer: don't know if we want a `node() = delete;` here

[source,c++]
----
namespace sycl::ext::oneapi::experimental {
  class node {
    template <int Dimensions>
    void update_nd_range(nd_range<Dimensions> executionRange);
  };
}
----

Table {counter: tableNumber}. Member functions of the `node` class.
[cols="2a,a"]
|===
|Member Function|Description

|
[source,c++]
----
template <int Dimensions>
void update_nd_range(nd_range<Dimensions> executionRange);
----
| Updates the ND-Range for this node with a new value. This new value will not
affect any executable graphs this node is part of until it is passed to the
executable graph's update function.
See <<executable-graph-update, Executable Graph Update>> for more information
about updating node parameters.

Parameters:

* `executionRange` - The new value for the ND-Range.

Exceptions:

* Throws with error code `nd_range` if `executionRange` is an invalid ND-Range
  for this node.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe this too
```
*  Throws with error code `invalid` if the type of the node is not a kernel execution.
```

Reviewer 2: Good catch, added this.

|===
|Member Function|Description

|
[source,c++]
----
dynamic_parameter(command_graph<graph_state::modifiable> graph);
----
|Constructs a dynamic parameter object that can be registered with node
arguments.

Parameters:

* `graph` - Graph containing the nodes which will have dynamic parameters.

|
[source,c++]
----
void register(int argIndex, const handler &cgh);
----
|Callable only from command-group scope when adding a node to a graph
using the explicit API. Associate the dynamic parameter
with the kernel parameter of the node that encapsulates this command-group.
Parameters are associated by their index which was given when they were
registered with `handler`.

Parameters:

* `argIndex` - Kernel argument index starting from zero to associate with
  the dynamic parameter.
* `handler` - SYCL handler object.

Exceptions:

* Throws with error code `invalid` if `argIndex` is not a valid argument index
  for the resulting node.
* Throws with error code `invalid` if the type of the command-group is not a
  kernel execution.
* Throws with error code `invalid` if the resulting node is not associated with
  the graph that this dynamic parameter was created with.

|
[source,c++]
----

> void update(const ValueT &newValue);

Reviewer: called ` update_value` above with left aligned `&`

  class node {
    template <int Dimensions>
    void update_nd_range(nd_range<Dimensions> executionRange);
  };
}
----

Table {counter: tableNumber}. Member functions of the `node` class.
[cols="2a,a"]
|===
|Member Function|Description

|
[source,c++]
----
template <int Dimensions>
void update_nd_range(nd_range<Dimensions> executionRange);
----
| Updates the ND-Range for this node with a new value. This new value will not
affect any executable graphs this node is part of until it is passed to the
executable graph's update function.
See <<executable-graph-update, Executable Graph Update>> for more information
about updating node parameters.

Parameters:

* `executionRange` - The new value for the ND-Range.

Exceptions:

* Throws with error code `nd_range` if `executionRange` is an invalid ND-Range
  for this node.

* Throws with error code `invalid` if the type of the node is not a kernel
  execution.

|===

==== Dynamic Parameters

Dynamic parameters are arguments to a node's command-group which can be updated
by the user after the node has been added to a graph. Updating the value of a
dynamic parameter will be reflected in the modifiable graph which contains this

> node. Executable graphs can then be updated with these update nodes

Author: ```suggestion
node.
```
Sentence doesn't make sense to me. Maybe we can be more specific or just remove it.

Reviewer 2: I've tried to rework this sentence to make it read better. I think it's important to keep something here that explains how the update makes it's way to the executable graph in the end though.

|===
|Member Function|Description

|
[source,c++]
----
dynamic_parameter(command_graph<graph_state::modifiable> graph);
----
|Constructs a dynamic parameter object that can be registered with node
arguments.

Parameters:

* `graph` - Graph containing the nodes which will have dynamic parameters.

|
[source,c++]
----
void register(int argIndex, const handler &cgh);
----
|Callable only from command-group scope when adding a node to a graph
using the explicit API. Associate the dynamic parameter
with the kernel parameter of the node that encapsulates this command-group.
Parameters are associated by their index which was given when they were
registered with `handler`.

Parameters:

* `argIndex` - Kernel argument index starting from zero to associate with
  the dynamic parameter.
* `handler` - SYCL handler object.

Exceptions:

* Throws with error code `invalid` if `argIndex` is not a valid argument index
  for the resulting node.
* Throws with error code `invalid` if the type of the command-group is not a
  kernel execution.
* Throws with error code `invalid` if the resulting node is not associated with
  the graph that this dynamic parameter was created with.

|
[source,c++]
----

> void update(ValueT newValue,

Reviewer: `valueT newValue` is `const ValueT& newValue` in the declaration earlier in the document

            command_graph<graph_state::executable> execGraph);
----

|Updates parameters in `execGraph` nodes associated with the dynamic
parameter to `newValue`. This new value will not affect any prior submissions
of `execGraph` and will take affect only for future submissions. It is not an
error if `newValue` is set to the current parameter value in nodes of
`execGraph`, i.e. no update occurred.

Parameters:

> * `newValue` - Value to the parameters being updated to.

Reviewer: This description doesn't read that nicely, could be something like.
```suggestion
* `newValue` - Value to update the registered parameters to.
```

* `execGraph` - The executable graph to update the node parameters for.

Exceptions:

* Throws synchronously with error code `invalid` if
  `property::graph::updatable` was not set when `execGraph` was created.
* Throws synchronously with error code `invalid` if `newValue` is not a pointer

>   to a valid USM allocation.

Reviewer: This error code seems outdated

accessor, a pointer to a USM allocation, scalar passed by value, or a raw byte
representation of the argument. The raw byte representation is intended to enable
updating arguments set using
link:../proposed/sycl_ext_oneapi_raw_kernel_arg.asciidoc[sycl_ext_oneapi_raw_kernel_arg].

Dynamic parameters are registered with nodes in a modifiable graph, with each
registration associating one or more node arguments to the dynamic parameter
instance. It is valid for a node argument to be registered with more than one
dynamic parameter instance, the semantics of this are that the last update to
any of the dynamic parameters on an executable graph is the new node argument
on the next submissions of that executable graph.

Registration is done either using the argument index (known when argument
originally set using `set_arg()`/`set_args()`), or by matching the argument
value. Matching for USM typed dynamic parameters is done by direct comparison
of the pointer values. Matching for accessors is done by verifying the
underlying managed data is the same. Raw and scalar typed dynamic parameters
can't be registered by matching however, as the chances of unintentional

> collisions in the comparison are too high.

Author: ```suggestion
Registration is done by using the argument index (known when argument
originally set using `set_arg()`/`set_args()`).
```

When registration is done by matching the node argument value, it must
be the original argument value. Attempting to register the dynamic parameter
again to the same node argument by matching against an updated value will not
work. This is because registration operates on a modifiable graph, while update
operates on an executable graph. For example,

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

[source,c++]
----
// Update a node with a single USM parameter 'PtrA', to 'PtrB'.
dynamic_parameter<usm> DynParam(Graph);
DynParam.register(PtrA, Node);
DynParam.update(PtrB, ExecGraph);

// Exception thrown here as no match against original value.
DynParam.register(PtrB, Node);

// No-op as dynamic parameter already registered with 'PtrA'.
DynParam.register(PtrA, Node);

> ----

Author: ```suggestion
```

  is `dynamic_parameter_type::scalar` or `dynamic_parameter_type::raw`.

|===

Table {counter: tableNumber}. Member functions of the `dynamic_parameter` class
for registration.
[cols="2a,a"]
|===
|Member Function|Description

|
[source,c++]
----
void register(void* param, node node);
----
|Associate the dynamic parameter with USM kernel parameter for `node`. All USM
kernel arguments matching `param` are bound to the dynamic parameter. If `param`
has already been registered with the dynamic parameter for `node`, this
operation is a no-op.

Preconditions:

* This method is only available when the templated `dynamic_parameter_type`
  of the `dynamic_parameter` instance is `dynamic_parameter_type::usm`.

Parameters:

* `param` - USM pointer used as a node argument.
* `node` - Kernel command to look for an argument matching `param`.

Exceptions:

* Throws with error code `invalid` if `param` does not match any arguments in
  `node`.
* Throws with error code `invalid` if the type of `node` is not a kernel
  execution.
* Throws with error code `invalid` if `node` is not a member of the graph that
  this dynamic parameter was created with.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

|
[source,c++]
----
void register(void* param);
----
|Associate the dynamic parameter with all the USM kernel parameters which match
`param` in the graph used on creation of the dynamic parameter. For every kernel
node in the graph, the dynamic parameter binds to any kernel arguments matching
`param`. It is not an error if the dynamic parameter fails to bind to a single
node, only if no nodes in the graph have an argument matching `param`.

Preconditions:

* This method is only available when the templated `dynamic_parameter_type`
  of the `dynamic_parameter` instance is `dynamic_parameter_type::usm`.

Parameters:

* `param` - USM pointer used as a node argument.

Exceptions:

* Throws with error code `invalid` if no node arguments are matched to `param`
  in the graph.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

> |
> [source,c++]
> ----
> template <typename T>
> void register(T param, node node);
> ----
> |Associate an accessor dynamic parameter with an accessor kernel parameter of
> `node`. All accessor kernel arguments matching `param` are bound to the dynamic
> parameter. If `param` has already been registered the dynamic parameter for
> `node`, this operation is a no-op.
> 
> Preconditions:
> 
> * This method is only available when the templated `dynamic_parameter_type`
>   of the `dynamic_parameter` instance is `dynamic_parameter_type::accessor`.
> 
> Parameters:
> 
> * `param` - Accessor used as a node argument.
> * `node` - Kernel command to look for an argument matching `param`.
> 
> Exceptions:
> 
> * Throws with error code `invalid` if `param` does not match any arguments in
>   `node`.
> * Throws with error code `invalid` if `param` is not an accessor.
> * Throws with error code `invalid` if the type of `node` is not a kernel
>   execution.
> * Throws with error code `invalid` if `node` is not a member of the graph that
>   this dynamic parameter was created with.

Author: ```suggestion
```

|
[source,c++]
----
template <typename T>
void register(T param);
----
|Associate the dynamic parameter with all the accessor kernel parameters which
match `param` in the graph used on creation of the dynamic parameter. For
every kernel node in the graph, the dynamic parameter binds to any kernel
arguments matching `param`. It is not an error if the dynamic parameter fails
to bind to a single node, only if no nodes in the graph have an argument
matching `param`.

Preconditions:

* This method is only available when the templated `dynamic_parameter_type`
  of the `dynamic_parameter` instance is `dynamic_parameter_type::accessor`.

Parameters:

* `param` - Accessor used as a node argument.

Exceptions:

* Throws with error code `invalid` if no node arguments are matched to `param`
  in the graph.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

finalize a new executable graph when only the inputs & outputs to a graph
change between submissions. Updates to a graph take effect from the next
submission of that graph and will not affect any previous submissions or
in-flight executions of the same graph.

The only type of nodes that are currently supported for updating in a graph are
kernel execution nodes.

The aspects of a kernel execution node that can be configured during update are:

* Parameters to the kernel.
* Execution ND-Range of the kernel.

To update an executable graph, the `property::graph::updatable` property must
have been set when the graph was created during finalization. Otherwise, an
exception will be thrown if a user tries to update an executable graph. This
guarantee allows the backend to provide a more optimized implementation, if
possible.

The `property::graph::updatable` property also allows an executable graph to be
submitted for execution while a previous submission of the same executable
graph instance is still executing. This is because the ability to change the
graph inputs/outputs can remove the data race conditions that could otherwise

> exist if the same executable graph was executed concurrently.

Reviewer: This we decided to defer this functionality, could be another item in the Issues section

* Parameters to the kernel.
* Execution ND-Range of the kernel.

To update an executable graph, the `property::graph::updatable` property must
have been set when the graph was created during finalization. Otherwise, an
exception will be thrown if a user tries to update an executable graph. This
guarantee allows the backend to provide a more optimized implementation, if
possible.

===== Individual Node Update

Memory parameters to individual nodes in a graph in the `executable` state
can be updated between graph executions using dynamic parameters. When a
`dynamic_parameter` instance is created with a modifiable state graph it is
empty, with no associated kernel arguments. The `dynamic_parameter`
can be used to update that node argument in the future.

Parameter updates are performed using a `dynamic_parameter` instance by
calling `dynamic_parameter::update()` to update all the parameters of nodes to
which the `dynamic_parameter` is registered.

The other node configuration that can be updated is the ND-Range, this can
be set through `node::update_nd_range()` but does not require any prior
registration.

These updated nodes can then be passed to 

> `command_graph<graph_state::executable>::update()` will will update the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`command_graph<graph_state::executable>::update()` which will update the
```

* Throws synchronously with error code `invalid` if `syclDevice`
  <<device-info-query, reports this extension as unsupported>>.

* Throws synchronously with error code `invalid` if the backend associated
with `syclDevice` is not supported.

> 

Reviewer: New wording looks unrelated to this PR

|===

Table {counter: tableNumber}. Member functions of the `command_graph` class for
graph update.
[cols="2a,a"]
|===
|Member function|Description

|
[source,c++]
----
void update(node& node);
----

| Updates an executable graph node that corresponds to `node`. `node` must be a

> kernel exewcution node. Argument values which have associated dynamic parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kernel execution node. Argument values which have associated dynamic parameters
```

will be updated, and the ND-range of the node will be updated inside the
executable graph to reflect the current values in `node`.

Preconditions:

* This member function is only available when the `command_graph` state is
  `graph_state::executable`.

Parameters:

* `node` - The node in this graph which will be updated.

Exceptions:

* Throws synchronously with error code `invalid` if
  `property::graph::updatable` was not set when the executable graph was
  created.
* Throws with error code `invalid` if `node` is not part of the
  graph.

>   |

Reviewer: extra indent on `|` that could be removed

    Modifiable -->|Finalize| Executable
....

==== Executable Graph Update

A graph in the executable state can have the configuration of its nodes modified
using a concept called graph _update_. This avoids a user having to rebuild and
finalize a new executable graph when only the inputs & outputs to a graph
change between submissions. Updates to a node take effect from the next
submission of a graph and will not affect any previous submissions or in-flight
executions of the same graph.

The only type of node that is currently supported for updating in a graph is
kernel execution nodes.

The aspects of a kernel execution node that can be configured during update are:

* Parameters to the kernel.
* ND-Range of the kernel.

Two methods are provided by the API to the user for performing this update.
An API for updating the whole graph object, which is most useful when the
graph was recorded, and an individual node update API.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

To update an executable graph, the `property::graph::updatable` property must
have been set when the graph was created during finalization. Otherwise, an
exception will be thrown if a user tries to update an executable graph. This
guarantee allows the backend to provide a more optimized implementation, if
possible.

The `property::graph::updatable` property also allows an executable graph to be
submitted for execution while a previous submission of the same executable
graph instance is still executing. This is because the ability to change the
graph inputs/outputs can remove the data race conditions that could otherwise
exist if the same executable graph was executed concurrently.

===== Whole Graph Update

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

===== Individual Node Update

Memory parameters to individual nodes in a graph in the `executable` state
can be updated between graph executions using dynamic parameters. When a
`dynamic_parameter` instance is created with a modifiable state graph it is
empty, with no associated kernel arguments. By registering the
`dynamic_parameter` with a node using `dynamic_parameter::register()`, the
dynamic parameter is matched to a node argument, and the `dynamic_parameter`

> can then be used to update that node argument in future.

Author: ```suggestion
empty, with no associated kernel arguments. The `dynamic_parameter`
can be used to update that node argument in the future.
```

If a user doesn't have the individual `node` handles to register parameters
with, and the dynamic parameter type isn't raw or scalar, they can use the
`dynamic_parameter::register()` API that doesn't take a `node` argument.
This entry-point iterates through the modifiable graph nodes, and tries to
register the parameter against every kernel node in the graph.

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

* Throws synchronously with error code `invalid` if the path is invalid or
the file extension is not supported or if the write operation failed.

> |
> [source,c++]
> ----
> std::vector<node> get_nodes() const;
> ----
> |Returns a list of all the nodes present in the graph in the order that they
> were added.
> 
> |
> [source,c++]
> ----
> std::vector<node> get_root_nodes() const;
> ----
> |Returns a list of all nodes in the graph which have no dependencies in the
> order they were added to the graph.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

  ...
----

=== Dynamic Parameter Update

Example showing a graph with a single kernel node that is created using a kernel
bundle with `handler::set_args()` and having its node arguments updated.

[source,c++]
----
...

using namespace sycl;
namespace sycl_ext = sycl::ext::oneapi::experimental;

queue myQueue;
auto myContext = myQueue.get_context();
auto myDevice = myQueue.get_device();

// USM allocations for kernel input/output
const size_t n = 1024;
int *ptrX = malloc_shared<int>(n, myQueue);
int *ptrY = malloc_device<int>(n, myQueue);

int *ptrZ = malloc_shared<int>(n, myQueue);
int *ptrQ = malloc_device<int>(n, myQueue);

// Kernel loaded from kernel bundle
const std::vector<kernel_id> builtinKernelIds =
      myDevice.get_info<info::device::built_in_kernel_ids>();
kernel_bundle<bundle_state::executable> myBundle =
      get_kernel_bundle(myContext, { myDevice }, builtinKernelIds);
kernel builtinKernel = myBundle.get_kernel(builtinKernelIds[0]);

// Graph containing a two kernels node
sycl_ext::command_graph myGraph(myContext, myDevice);

// Create graph dynamic parameters
dynamic_parameter<sycl_ext::dynamic_parameter_type::usm> dynParamInput(myGraph);

> dynamic_parameter<sycl_ext::dynamic_parameter_type::usm> dynParamOutput(myGraph);

Reviewer: This is never used in this example

dynamic_parameter<sycl_ext::dynamic_parameter_type::scalar> dynParamScalar(myGraph);

// First node uses ptrX as an input & output parameter, with operand
// mySclar as another argument.
int myScalar = 42;
node nodeA = myGraph.add([&](handler& cgh) {
    cgh.set_args(ptrX, ptrY, myScalar);
    // Register nodeA dynamic parameters
    dynParamInput.register(0, cgh);  // Argument index 0 is ptrX

>     dynParamInput.register(2, cgh);  // Argument index 1 is myScalar

Reviewer: * Comments says index 1 but we're passing index 2
* should this also be `dynParamScalar`

  ...
----

=== Dynamic Parameter Update

> Example showing a graph with two kernel nodes, the first created using a kernel
> bundle with `handler::set_args()`, having its node arguments updated.

Author: ```suggestion
Example showing a graph with a single kernel node that is created using a kernel
bundle with `handler::set_args()` and having its node arguments updated.
```

auto myContext = myQueue.get_context();
auto myDevice = myQueue.get_device();

// USM allocations for kernel input/output
const size_t n = 1024;
int *ptrX = malloc_shared<int>(n, myQueue);
int *ptrY = malloc_device<int>(n, myQueue);

int *ptrZ = malloc_shared<int>(n, myQueue);
int *ptrQ = malloc_device<int>(n, myQueue);

// Kernel loaded from kernel bundle
const std::vector<kernel_id> builtinKernelIds =
      myDevice.get_info<info::device::built_in_kernel_ids>();
kernel_bundle<bundle_state::executable> myBundle =
      get_kernel_bundle(myContext, { myDevice }, builtinKernelIds);
kernel builtinKernel = myBundle.get_kernel(builtinKernelIds[0]);

// Graph containing a two kernels node
sycl_ext::command_graph myGraph(myContext, myDevice);

// Create graph dynamic parameters
dynamic_parameter<sycl_ext::dynamic_parameter_type::usm> dynParamInput(myGraph);
dynamic_parameter<sycl_ext::dynamic_parameter_type::usm> dynParamOutput(myGraph);
dynamic_parameter<sycl_ext::dynamic_parameter_type::scalar> dynParamScalar(myGraph);

// First node uses ptrX as an input & output parameter, with operand
// mySclar as another argument.
int myScalar = 42;
node nodeA = myGraph.add([&](handler& cgh) {

>     cgh.set_args(ptrX, myScalar);

Author: ```suggestion
    cgh.set_args(ptrX, ptrY, myScalar);
```

    cgh.parallel_for(range {n}, builtinKernel);
});

// Register nodeA dynamic parameters
dynParamInput.register(0, nodeA);  // Argument index 0 is ptrX

> dynParamInput.register(1, nodeA);  // Argument index 1 is myScalar

Author: ```suggestion
dynParamInput.register(2, nodeA);  // Argument index 1 is myScalar
```

// Create an executable graph with the updatable property.
auto execGraph = myGraph.finalize({sycl_ext::property::graph::updatable});

// Execute graph, then update without needing to wait for it to complete
myQueue.ext_oneapi_graph(execGraph);

> // Change ptrX argument to node A & B to ptrZ

Author: ```suggestion
// Change ptrX argument to node A to ptrZ
```

== Issues

=== Update More Command Types

Support updating arguments to types of nodes other that kernel execution
commands.

**UNRESOLVED** Should be added for at least memory copy nodes, however
full scope of support needs to be designed and implemented.

=== Consider Improving Explicit Update API Flow

The current proposal for explicit update using dynamic parameters differs
significantly from approaches in other similar APIs. The flow of operations in
these APIs looks like:

1. Update node objects
2. Pass updated node objects to graph update method
3. Graph is now updated

The current approach for SYCL-Graph is more complex, in that:

- Updating arguments is handled exclusively through the `dynamic_parameter`
  class, which both handles updating values and updating the graph.
- ND-ranges for kernels are updated directly through the executable graph,
  without first updating the node separately.

Having a more unified approach to updating nodes/graphs may provide a more

> concise and easy to use API.

Reviewer: Been thinking about this since we chatted yesterday, and I'm not mad about going forward with an API that we think we could do better with and will change very soon after delivering. If it'll only take a day or two to modify this so that `nd_range` is updated on the node, and nodes are passed to a graph to update, then it might be worth doing.

Reviewer: new commit looks good, think we can remove this issue item

sycl_ext::command_graph myGraph(myContext, myDevice);

// Create graph dynamic parameters
dynamic_parameter<sycl_ext::dynamic_parameter_type::usm> dynParamInput(myGraph);
dynamic_parameter<sycl_ext::dynamic_parameter_type::usm> dynParamOutput(myGraph);
dynamic_parameter<sycl_ext::dynamic_parameter_type::scalar> dynParamScalar(myGraph);

// First node uses ptrX as an input & output parameter, with operand
// mySclar as another argument.
int myScalar = 42;
node nodeA = myGraph.add([&](handler& cgh) {
    cgh.set_args(ptrX, myScalar);
    cgh.parallel_for(range {n}, builtinKernel);
});

// Register nodeA dynamic parameters
dynParamInput.register(0, nodeA);  // Argument index 0 is ptrX
dynParamInput.register(1, nodeA);  // Argument index 1 is myScalar

// Second node uses ptrX as an inputs, and ptrY as input/output/
node nodeB = myGraph.add([&](handler& cgh) {
    cgh.parallel_for(sycl::range<1>{n}, [=](sycl::id<1> it) {
      const size_t i = it[0];
      ptrY[i] += ptrX[i];
    });
   },
   {sycl_ext::property::node::depends_on(nodeA)});

// Register nodeB dynamic parameters
dynParamInput.register(ptrX, nodeB);
dynParamInput.register(ptrY, nodeB);

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

// Create an executable graph with the updatable property.
auto execGraph = myGraph.finalize({sycl_ext::property::graph::updatable});

// Execute graph, then update without needing to wait for it to complete
myQueue.ext_oneapi_graph(execGraph);

// Change ptrX argument to node A & B to ptrZ
dynParamInput.update(ptrZ, execGraph);

// Change myScalar argument to node A to newScalar
int newScalar = 12;
dynParamScalar.update(newScalar, execGraph);

> 
> // Change ptrY argument to node B to ptrQ
> dynParamOutput.update(ptrQ, execGraph);

Author: ```suggestion
```
